[Music] The
Lord's love is showering yellow nectar, those who are
thirsty for the seven pilgrimages inside and outside you
[Music]
Search for Hari in every particle, Hari in every moment,
Hari in smiles and tears If you open the eyes of your mind only then will you
get the darshan, I don't know in what form Narayana will come to you, I don't know in
what form Narayana will come to you
[Music]
Destiny does not discriminate, what it takes, it gives, what you sow, you reap This
world is a cultivation of deeds,
Destiny does not discriminate, what it takes, it
gives, what you sow, you reap This world is a
cultivation of deeds
[Music]
If your deeds are pure,
your boat will not sink, someday he will come in a disguise to hold your arm, I do
n't know in what form Narayana will come to you, I don't know
in what form Narayana will come to you
[Music]
Goodness never goes to waste Hari keeps account, whoever gave
flowers to others, his hands also
smell, Goodness never goes to waste Hari
keeps account, whoever gave flowers to others, his
hands also smell, If you
find a lamp, become a wick, you too become someone's
companion, only then will you find a pearl, if you make your mind a lake of respect, I do
n't know  In which form will I find Narayan. I do
n't know in which form will I find Narayan.
Listen carefully to the words of the dried trees.
God tests the most beloved
devotees. There is a deep question which Hari has to
fathom. Is your faith gold or just the
water of gold.
[Music]
Whoever places flowers on every branch, have faith in
that gardener. If you are destined to find stone, then
even the stone will bloom. I don't know
in which form will I find Narayan. I do
n't know in which form will I find Narayan. I do
n't know in which form will I find Narayan.
[Music]
h